how to find unlimited content ideas for
your social media in 2022
this promise may sound unrealistic to
you and i get it for most people it's
super challenging to come up with even a
few ideas for their social media content
especially when you're not used to
creating content in any way or shape or
form
that's where the creative block really
starts creeping around you're like yeah
this is going to be tough but if you
stay inside your head and try to come up
with all the answers yourself things are
not going to work out and don't worry
you're not going to hire or have to pay
any people to get these ideas
one of the most incredible things about
the internet is that you have direct
access to tools ideas and overall just a
bunch of people doing interesting things
and you can see what's working for them
and what's not
you don't need to rely just on your own
creativity you can leverage other
people's as well
look i post a lot of social media
content on youtube alone i'm posting 12
videos per month on instagram average of
five posts a week and that's not even
counting stories the same goes with tick
tock roughly five a week facebook it's
roughly daily if you include the blog
content that i'm promoting on there as
well or just random images i'm posting
on linkedin i post on average five
pieces of content week twitter i don't
do too much posting roughly two a week
podcast roughly one a day that's 30 a
month
that's a total of 130 posts across all
my social channels
that's a lot of social content and i
have a team to back me up and help me
not only create the right content for
the right social media channels but also
schedule and handle it but you're
probably gonna have to do things on your
own and that's okay because when i
started i started doing everything on my
own too and i'm gonna show you how to do
it on your own effectively and get all
the ideas out there without having a
team like me so are here are a few ways
that you can start collecting ideas for
social media versus questions from your
customers what questions do they have
consider answering them
comments on your content see when you
post up content people leave comments if
people all like a specific comment that
means other people have that same issue
post about it i also love looking at
quora quora has so many interesting
things like what does it take to be an
olympian right that's really cool stuff
when you see stuff that's really popular
in your space
leverage that post content around it
then you have facebook groups
look at what users are complaining about
their pain points what they're
commenting about what they're helping
each other about this all happens within
facebook groups within your industry
heck you can even look at faq pages on
competitor websites this provides tons
of feedback then you got twitter search
you got youtube you got
any platform out there like ahrefs
semrush even uber suggests it all tells
you keywords that people are looking at
heck you can even use the uber says
chrome extension so that way when you're
on youtube it shows you other related
topics and ideas that are popular as
well
and you can see what videos are getting
traction and which ones aren't all
through the uber says chrome extension
then you got google alerts what's
popping up and if you're not sure what's
really sexy in your space right now look
at google trends it'll show you what's
booming within your space then you got
feely subscribe to tons of blogs within
your space you'll see what they're
cranking out watch the content as it
starts to trend really quickly and
that'll give you ideas then you've got
buzzsumo it'll break down all the
popular content within your space or you
can just use uber says content ideas and
it'll show you the most popular content
not just based on social shares but also
backlinks and seo traffic now you've got
content that works for social media and
seo